failure to pay
Lang's son
A thousand-year-old Ganoderma lucidum was sent a few days ago.
Jewelry number
Oh, it's a buildable talent.
Hahaha
Oh, Chen Shilang taught well.
His son will come to life
Why don't you give me a list?
inappropriate
The top spot will be reserved for the son of Zhao Daduhu
Amazing hospitality these days.
Zhao Daduhu did a lot of work
And the eldest son of Dr. Zijin Guanglu
A few days ago
This old man is sensible
Hahaha
He gave me his maid, hahaha.
This list and scalding have been determined
The back seat is elevated
The prince is still too naive
How could the Great Xia Dynasty be covered by the poor family?
Hum, I just want to empty you
It's just our rights
It's not that easy.
But this top spot
Do you want to use normal materials?
It's also good to gag Qin Xiu's mouth
Oops, after the imperial examinations in hot summer
It's all you and me in this big summer court
He's a useless prince
What are you afraid of?
Or is the prince thoughtful?
Haha but
The position of the last eight champions
Then how should we decide according to the high opinion of the prince?
Tomorrow I will have a big feast in Urazaka
Whoever enters the top eight will fail
At that time
Let's see which of them is better at being a person
Oh, dear.
It's still the prince's foresight, hahahaha.
ridiculous
The prince will also send people to guard the border
And he didn't want to see if I agreed or not.
Hmph, what the prince said is
Everything will be arranged by the prince tomorrow
Hahahaha